Add measureElement() API (#307)
vadimdemedes/ink: readme.md

<img src="media/box-borderColor.jpg" width="228">

##### Measuring dimensions

> Use `measureElement()` function if you need to measure dimensions of a particular `<Box>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `measureElement()` function if you need to measure dimensions of a particular `<Box>` element.
```

It returns an object with `width` and `height` properties.
This function is useful when your component needs to know the amount of available space it has before it can start rendering or when you need to change your layout based on the length of the content.

> **Note:** `measureElement()` returns correct results after initial render, when layout has been calculated.

Reviewer: The clear enough what implications this has for usage. What does it return before? How should the user handle this?

> **Note:** `measureElement()` returns correct results after initial render, when layout has been calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `measureElement()` returns correct results only after the initial render, when layout has been calculated.
```

clear();
```

#### measureElement(ref)

Measure the dimensions of a particular `<Box>` element.
It returns an object with `width` and `height` properties.

> This function is useful when your component needs to know the amount of available space it has before it can start rendering or when you need to change your layout based on the length of the content.

Reviewer 2: This line sounds a bit confusing to me, especially the "before it can start rendering part".

My suggestion would be:

"This function is useful when your component needs to know the amount of available space it has. You could use it, for example, when you need to change layout based on the length of its content."

#### measureElement(ref)

Measure the dimensions of a particular `<Box>` element.
It returns an object with `width` and `height` properties.
This function is useful when your component needs to know the amount of available space it has before it can start rendering or when you need to change your layout based on the length of the content.

> **Note:** `measureElement()` returns correct results only after the initial render, when layout has been calculated. Until then, `width` and `height` equal to zero. It's recommended to call `measureElement()` in a `useEffect` hook, which fires after component has rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `measureElement()` returns correct results only after the initial render, when layout has been calculated. Until then, `width` and `height` equal to zero. It's recommended to call `measureElement()` in a `useEffect` hook, which fires after the component has rendered.
```

Type: `MutableRef`

Reference to `<Box>` element captured via `ref` property.

> See [Refs](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html) for more information on how to capture references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reference to a `<Box>` element captured with a [`ref` property](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html).
```
